All
right, let's get in SSH Mundaf as well.
Moon Dash
say Su
username C. Okay. Yes, I trust it.
Okay. So,
let's let's refer back to moon.comrena
here. And um
I guess one my one confusion with the
arena is this is the data that we're
giving. What is the exact data that
we're giving for on the p page on the
docs page in order that they can like
back test and test ideas with the data?
How many days of data is it and what
data is it? If you can just explain that
moon.comarrendocs
that would be awesome. Thank you.
Okay, so here we go is all our past
data. You were right. There's a lot
more. Here's a full picture. Get data,
fills, fills, account. Okay. HP, delta,
trades, flips, stats, liquidators,
timing, correlation.
So, get tick data. Okay.
Order book, leaderboard. Don't need the
leaderboard.
bulk root data files liquidations takes
back databases.
Let's go ahead and read what she says
here.
Here's
what the arena docs page explains about
the data data overview data set overview
BTC only historical data for back
testing. 60 days of hourly snapshots.
Okay. So we do have 60 days hourly
snapshots
labels for back testing. Each historical
snapshot includes labeled answers
aggregated from hyperlquid Binance.
Do I currently have 60 days or are we
collecting it every hour? That's my
question.
Can you look at the data itself that we
serve and what date does it go back to?
It's March 14th today.
Then I want to explore this poly market
a bit because we did build something
pretty cool here the other day. Code dot
code dot code dot code dot K dot code
dot standalone lick stink. Okay,
perfect. We'll have trading bots. This
is I can keep that open as well.
Upgrade to pro. No way, dude. I haven't
gone back to cursor in a minute. I uses
my IDE just because.
Just because. Okay, so this is my link
my l my liquidation stinkbot here for
Poly Market.
And this is my kitchen sink ensemble.
You have 22 snapshots covering snapshots
covering 18 hours of data. First
snapshot is March 13th.
So you're nowhere near 60 days data days
of data you've been collecting for less
than one day. At the current hourly
rate, you'd hit 60 days of data on May
12th.
I'm talking about the APIs that are on
this page here. So, just give me the
APIs that have historical data there for
this page.
All right. So, let's keep that separate
here because this is actually good
because I know this data, correct me if
I'm wrong, but we're um putting the
price appended with that data. So that's
going to be good in about 60 days. For
now, we got to use old data, data that
we have from the past. So what I want
you to do is take these endpoints here
and get the liquid or not just the
liquid, all the data endpoints that we
have data for in the past. Go ahead and
get that data from the API. You have the
key already in your EMV for the Mundev
API. And you can get all of this data.
This is from my server. So, these are
all the end points that we have past
data for. Okay, since we're just getting
started with this, we're going to have
to adjust this to only have only use
that past data. But don't stop what
you're doing with these snapshots. Keep
that server whatever is going on there
collecting that because that's going to
be fire in 60 days. For now, we just can
use this past data.
Okay. So, here we have candles, candles
and ticks.
We've got fills for address. Probably
don't need that. Here, I'll just go
ahead and say which ones we don't need
and which ones we do need.
You can see this all comes from this
documentation page here. Now, remember,
we're doing BTC only. So, a lot of these
will have a bunch of other datas in it
as well. like the ticks will only need
BTC data, right? Um
HIPP3 candles and ticks, we probably
don't even need to include those in the
poll. So, this is all of our historical
data on the API.
And for now, for this first 60 days,
we're going to have to uh change the
documentation and JSON, the format that
the actual signals get pulled from um to
match this back testing data we have.
So, you're going to have to go explore
this back testing data. ignore some of
it, right? Um, you want all the
liquidation data for sure. You want the
position snapshots for sure.
And realistically, we could take
position snapshots for all the symbols,
BTC, ETH, Soul, XRP, and Hype
because those, you know, you could build
some sort of algorithm based off that. I
don't know. Um, let's see what else we
can get them.
trades, of course, positions, deltas,
sentiment, timing, correlation, all
those. Hop historical will be nice. Uh
the position snapshots is going to be
nice.
Smart money historical
says you only have 24 hours of data, so
maybe not.
And if we can get order flow and
balance, just go ahead and look through
these docs and this API, these APIs I
just sent you for the ones that do have
historical data. Remember, until day 60
or day 30, we're going to we're going to
keep collecting how you are above with
the snapshots. But until then, we got to
use this past data that we have. So,
whatever past data you can actually
verify and pull and make sure that we
have over 30 days worth. I know we
launched this server on January 6 as it
is March 14th. Now, these are all of our
historical data endpoints. Remember, all
of this is based off of the Mundev API.
And to get this whole thing started, we
got to use this past data. Give that to
the user who signs up. They have all
this past data in the same format that
they would or they have all this past
data and then they know the exact format
in order to build their prediction
Python file. And it's the same data. It
might be set up differently with the
JSON L. I don't know. So you got kind of
a big project here ahead of you to go
number one see which one of these API
calls fit for our entire flow. Remember
these API calls are live API calls from
the Moonv API. We're going to be
building that data file that all of
these sandbox users can hit from this
data. That being said, in order to make
sure people can actually build models
off of this, these API calls that I have
posted here are all of our historical
API calls. So for now, we need to make
sure our historical matches up with the
live. And this is all
mundave.com/arrenena.
Check out the slashdocs to understand
this entire project. And if you have any
questions before you get started, please
feel free to ask me. Thank you.
All right, let's see what's Gucci, dude.
Let's get the keys and stuff in the
chat.
What's up, I 777?
Thank you, Kelly. Much love to you,
Kelsey. Good to see you. 777.
Okay, so we've got my Poly Market bot
here.
I am, what am I doing right now? I'm
building out my uh poly market and
arena.
So, I want to work on both of them
today.
HLP timing, HLP funding. Perfect,
perfect, perfect. Life is perfect.
Cursor here. So, we got the poly market
here. The stink bid standalone. So, uses
Moonv API liquidation data to trade the
five minute up and down chart. I want to
get this live today.
And let's start with this stink bid bot.
Okay, great, great, great.
I have not conquered that yet. No. Have
you?
I have not conquered the five minute. I
still think it's a little fugazy, but
you know, it's fun. It's high leverage,
so it's fun to try to conquer.
I have something promising. Takes time.
For real, for real, for real. For real.
For real. I I mean, I looked at the
leverage. It's 1400 leverage. 1,400x
leverage effectively. So, it's crazy.
And that was on the 15-minute market. I
wonder what it' be like on the 5minute
market. Let's go ahead and ask. So, we
figured out that the effective leverage
on the 15-minute poly market is like
1,400. You can do the math there. You
know, since you are it's a binary bet up
or down on a 15-minute market, how many
times a day does that happen? And when I
say effective leverage, I'm saying like
compared to hyperlquid. And we did that
math a couple months ago. You can go
ahead and check that math. But what does
that effective leverage turn into on the
fiveminute market? Assuming that every 5
minutes you can bet unlimited to say if
it's going to be up or down. you know
the poly market 15-minute 5m minute um
binary bet by markets up or down. I just
want to see what the update is. See if
she can tell me what the effect of
leverages on the five minute as well
because the 15-inut is crazy. So, she's
cooking over here.
What I want to do is I want to talk to
this shorty here. Let's go ahead and
bring her over here.
Hey, hey, hey. How you doing?
Me too.
Um, so we have link or no lick li
stinkbot py.
Can you go ahead and explain that really
quickly? And
I mean really there's nothing
nothing for me to do here
in order to get it live. I I turned
because Yeah, I turned because I got
hacked on that account. I got hacked on
that uh Hyperlquid account. So, I need
to use a different Hyperlquid account.
Don't look at my Hyperlid account. I'll
put my key in there. But just walk me
through the the um strategy here just
short and concisely and
let me back the link that I need to run
in order to run this. Okay, so I need to
get on a different Hyperlquid account
because that's where I figured out when
I was building this out the other day.
Um, where I figured out I got hacked. So
that's good.
It's good. I figured it out, you know.
Okay, let's also go ahead here and make
sure it's in a good spot. Maybe over
here. Yeah.
See what's Gucci with this. Um,
okay. I've done the audit the API
endpoints. Here's what I found.
Historical data audit 30 days plus. You
have historical data of this graveyard
persistent.csv position snapshots near
liquidation
bulk Binance liquidations.
Hop trades
59 ticks for 1 hour.
HLP sentiment here last 24 hours only.
HLP funding here.
I mean
that's kind of annoying. Is this
actually Fox
live only?
This could I do this is the question.
So, just did an audit here and um saw
that these are the actual like my AI did
audit of what historical endpoints we
have. Is this facts? We only have this
many. I thought we had tick data from a
a long time ago. Can you check how much
tick data we have?
and let's go to that page here,
moon mundave.com/arrenena.
Okay, sign up for free beta stage
rolling daily contest here usable at
mundave.com. Daily winner gets a $1,000
moon credit until this is out of beta
just because I'm going to be just beta
testing this essentially.
Every hour your predict function
receives a Python dictionary with 60
plus keys of live market data. This is
real data from the Mundev API a few
seconds old at most.
See what shorty says. Your audit was
wrong about ticks. You actually do have
significant tick history.
Go ahead here and say um
say this to her.
You can see I think you might be
incorrect about the tick data and what
we would need is a BTC tick data.
GM JM good to see you.
Feel free to share this block of text
with everybody that comes in.
For the historical data set, should I
only include the fields we actually have
historical data for? Live snapshots have
55 keys, but historical we can only
reconstruct 15 to 20 of them.
What's the priority? Should I build a
script that reconstructs hourly
snapshots?
Good catch. Let me look at the actual
tick data here.
So she's looking into the tick data.
Okay. So here we've got the poly market
stink bid lick stinkbot. So strategy in
a nutshell watches Munda's API for BTC
liquidations
in a 25 to 100k sweet spot.
Front of the wave not chasing long
liquidations equals bearish signal. Buy
down on poly markets. Five minute or up
down on the market.
Buy down on the poly markets. Five five
minute up down markets.
Long liquidations and then short
liquidations the other way. Instead of
market buying, it places a stink bid.
Okay, that's right. Once the poly market
leg fills, immediately hedges 40% on
hyperlquid. Yeah, this is far. I just
need to put my Hyperlquid key in there.
So, okay. So, I need to get that
hyperlquid key
here and set up because
I can't use that other account anymore.
That one's poisoned or something. Let's
look at this 15-minute market thing.
5minute market.
2,400x leverage. It's like trading with
2,400x leverage. So, you know, if you
got something that works, okay, run it
up. But I'm going to try it. price moves
scale with time. So, shorter time frames
means smaller expected moves, higher
effective leverage as binary bets. So,
on the five-minute markets, you're
looking at uh 24,425x
effective leverage with 288
opportunities per day. That's 3x more
bets and 1.7x more leverage compared to
the 15-minute market. The compounding
opportunity is wild, Moonv. If you have
any edge at all on direction prediction,
even 52 to 53%, the frequency alone at
288 rounds per day makes this a serious
setup.
Crazy.
It's insane. It's a lot, dude. It's a
lot. That's a lot. 25,000 or not 25,000
but 2500. Crazy.
I need to disconnect from Hyperlquid on
this account here and never go back
essentially.
Account details here. I got to go get my
private key.
Okay. Once I got my private key, I got
to put it in here.
So, let's go to uh cursor, I believe.
Yep. Stand alone. Let's go to my EMV.
Flip that out because I almost cooked.
I already fixed it.
We're good to go.
This would be um June 17th
MDX. Okay.
So, I think this is Gucci to run.
And do I have the code somewhere? I
think I do. I think I put it in the road
map.
Um,
let's go check out that road map here
and see if it's actually there and it
works with the key that I gave you.
Unlock access. Okay, no thanks.
code from YouTube. Poly market
hyperlquid arbitrage.
Okay, sick.
That's good then. That's good. And then
does it run?
That's a good question. We got her
cooking over here, so let her slide.
Uh,
okay. Let's go here. And then let's go
to um
a key. And then let's say
let's just make this bigger for now.
Zoom in.
And then let's say um zoom in some more.
Okay.
She's cooking, dude. There she goes.
Let's see here. The tick database are on
your remote API, not this local machine.
The API currently only exposes tick data
for rolling windows of that. The 7-day
endpoint gives you tick data going back
to March 7th. the full 66 days.
A new endpoint.
Yeah, we just need a new endpoint, huh?
Let's go take data.
Let's go ahead and say here to her.
Looks like we just don't have an
endpoint for that tick data. So,
anything over 7 days, make sure that
they have underscore QE
on their API
key
at the end.
Those are the only people that are going
to get more than seven days. That's for
sure. Then let me know what you did
because I could be be able to make a
call of all would be fire
or 90. Let's do 90. Let's do 90 days.
Let's add a 30 and a 90.
Okay, so we got a 30 and a 90 coming
soon. Not for everybody though. It's not
equal opportunity around here. No way.
No way, buddy boy. No way. Not equal
opportunity. No way.
We ain't all going to make it, dude. We
ain't all going to make it.
We ain't all
gonna make it.
Just FYI. Just FYI. Poly market
bot plus um arena. The word is so hard
for me to remember. Okay, so let's see
here.
Tflow, bro. Yep.
Python
sick, dude.
Sick.
And can you also explain how this
effective leverage works? Like why is it
so much like break it down as a um you
know regular person date a dog but not a
scientist or anything you know why is it
such high leverage like compared to
hyperlquid you know how does that make
sense?
All right so let's get this live first
off. So, I got the Poly Market bot. I'll
explain it here in a second. Um, I got a
couple things to explain actually and
all the code is already on the website.
I'll show that to you as later later as
well. Python run it. Okay, double
Python. That's not going to work. Let's
say Python run it here. And then you can
see, okay, Mundav configuration here.
Hyperlid balance. Okay, there's a
balance there. Um, you can see here it's
looking for liquidation range of 25,000
to 100,000. And then it's going to have
an inverse hedge. Oh, interesting. 3x
leverage. I didn't even think about
that. I need to think about that. Total
exposure per trade 25. No trade history
thus far. So, the bot is live. You can
see there's been BTC licks of $914
uh on the long side. And then on the
short side, there is no there has not
been any liquidation. So, what this
tells me is this dude. Well, you don't
even know the strategy. So, I should
probably just tell you the strategy
first. So, let's go ahead and dive into
the strategy real quick. So, this is an
idea. It's not guaranteed to work by any
means. I'm just a data dog like yourself
testing ideas. And you know my process
now. It's the um RBI process, research,
back test, and then implement. So, let's
go to um trending.
What about ending soon? How do we get
there?
The five minute markets. So, crypto.
I don't even know how to get there,
dude.
Here we go. 5 minute up or down. So, I'm
only trading this. And you can see she's
waiting 84 seconds. So, she's probably
waiting by now. Anyways, essentially
what it's looking for. Okay, you can see
new 5minute window. So, I can see when
the people get liquidated, right? So, I
can see their positions and when they
get liquidated. So, right here, this
guy's getting liquidated for 4.4 $4
million when the price goes down6%. So
when my thing sees there's a bunch of
liquidations, you can see there's only
$914
of liquidations. Okay, but this guy
literally gets liquidated for $4.4
million in6%. So if the price goes down
a little bit, my thing should show much
more. You can see it's 5,400
liquidations. It's breaking down a
little bit. Okay, the price is going
down. Okay, that's what it's saying,
dude. Um
it's not going down, but there were
liquidations. It is what it is. This is
the data from the exchanges. Um I get
this on my API all exchanges endpoint. A
lot of you guys have the access to that
already. But um the strategy is when
there's a bunch of liquidations,
it's going to assume there's going to be
more liquidations. You can see the price
went up and then there was a short
liquidation $142.
So not only can I see people's
positions, I can see when they get
liquidated. So that's two useful data
points that took me multiple years to
get to. So, I'm glad you're here today
because you just sped run like 2, three,
four years. I'm on year five here, but
um none of these bots are just
plug-andplay by any means. These are
just ideas. And like I said, I did put
the code already here um on the road
map. A lot of you guys have this road
map. And if you don't have the road map,
I just give it to people who show up at
the Zooms. A lot of people get the Zooms
for free. The links are somewhere around
here, but the Zoom calls we do every
day. Um you guys, I just keep trying to
reward you as much as possible.
mundab.com.
You can just see that there's a link in
the description or whatever. It's Zoom 8
to 10:00 a.m. I answer all questions in
the Zoom chat and I give you a bunch of
bonuses. And one of those bonuses, you
get the Hyperlid data API, what I'm
using here for this, but also the ALGO
trade uh the ALGO trading road map. So,
you get the app, the AI, the API, and in
that road map here, if you scroll down,
I'm going to keep doing this. If you
just type in code below, I'll keep doing
this. I don't know if you guys are
interested in me dropping code. Um, so
just in the comments, whatever, put code
and that will kind of be a signal to me
that you guys do like when I drop code
inside the road map like this. And like
I said, you get the road map when you do
show up to the Zoom. And you can see all
of the everything's explained about this
idea and this bot. Of course, it's not
plugandplay, but I do give you all my
code here. So, I'm also scrolling
through all the code right now in case
you're a broke boy and you don't want to
join the $5 Zoom. It is what it is. Let
me scroll through all of it. I've
explained the idea here, but there's
something I need to tell you that's
crazy. So, I'll have AI explain it
because she explains it better than me.
But, okay. So, the idea behind this
strategy and you're seeing all the code
here for free on YouTube because I
believe code is a great equalizer. But
essentially what it's doing is it's
saying, "Hey, there's been some
liquidations here. You can see 4,500
liquidations. Once there's 25,000
liquidations, and that's an arbitrary
number. I did not test that. That's just
an idea. That's a guess. Once there's
25,000 liquidations, let me go ahead and
take the trade here." So, if it's if
it's short liquidations, that mean price
is going up. I want to buy up. If it's
long liquidations, that mean price is
going down. I want to buy down. Does
that work? I don't know. We'll see.
We'll see. But I'm just a researcher
just like you. So, if I give you all the
code that I took a long time to build,
then boom, you can go ahead and test out
your own ideas. Somebody asked me this
morning, Moon, you found something that
prints on the 15-minute market? And I
said, no, I think it's gambling the
15-minute market. So, what do you think
I think about the five-minute market? He
said he's almost at the verge of finding
something profitable on the 15minute
poly market
which is crazy because he's been
building with me here in this zoom for
multiple weeks now. So my thesis is
coming true. I believe code is a great
equalizer and if I share absolutely
every single line of code in some
somewhat way whether it's verbally or
please don't just copy paste and run
this but this is hard work. This is
years and years of work. You can see it
has hyperlquid stuff in here and that's
because I use hyperlquid in this
strategy. I mentioned the first part of
the strategy, but I only want to tell
the whole strategy to people who are
actually locked in. So, now that you've
been here for a few minutes, you know
the first part of the strategy now,
right? It's a momentum strategy based on
liquidation. So, when somebody gets
liquidated
up to $25,000, okay, between 25 and
100,000, that's my arbitrary numbers I
put there. Let's go ahead and say it's
going to have some momentum. Remember,
it's only five minute markets. So, this
is a quick trade. That being said, the
second half of the trade is a little
hedge with Hyperlid. So, on the other
side of this trade, if I'm long, I'll be
short on Hyperlid. That's why I'm giving
you all my Hyperlquid code here as well.
Like I said, the link is in the
description if you want to just have
access to all this. But um
I'll see you guys tomorrow at the Zoom.
But I need to go ahead and talk about
this really quickly because this is
insane. This is insane. If you think 40x
leverage is insane and you think trading
with 40x leverage is kind of crazy.
Well, these markets are even more crazy.
You can see this guy's using 40x
leverage, 40x leverage, 40x leverage. I
rarely see people have success with that
much leverage. So, I'm not a big
believer in that much leverage. 40x.
Now, let's talk about what these
15-minute markets are. That's 1400x. And
on these five minute markets, it's
effectively, she said, it's effectively
five minute leverage
is 24,425x
leverage. So, the five-minute binary
markets, you're looking at roughly 2,425
effective leverage,
not 40x leverage. 2500. Dude, that's
crazy. Here's a simple breakdown. You
put up say $100 at 50x leverage that
controls $5,000 worth of BTC. This is on
hyperlquid. Just to get you caught up to
speed here what this means. This 50x
leverage, 40x leverage, 2,000x leverage.
If BTC moves.1% in 15 minutes, you make
$5.
So you risk $100 $100 to make $5. That's
a 5% return on your money. Now, on Poly
Market, the 15-minute binaries, and
remember, we're doing 3x more leverage
than this because we're using the
fiveminute markets now, and that's
crazy. So, be careful. You put a $100
betting BTC goes up in 15 minutes. The
odds are roughly 50/50, right? On Poly
Market, it's a binary market. So, you're
paying about $50 for a contract that
pays $100. If BTC goes up even 1 cent,
you win. You doubled your money. 100%
return. That's the key difference. On
hyperl liquid, your profit is
proportional to how much price moves.
Small move equals small profit. On a
binary bet, you either win or lose the
full amount. It doesn't matter if BTC
goes up .001% or 5%. You get paid the
same. The size is the size of the move
is irrelevant. Only the direction
matters. So in those 15 minutes where
BTC barely moves and Hyperlquid trader
makes 5% on their levered position, the
binary trader who called the direction
makes 100%. That's where the 1400% comes
from. The binary pays you as if the move
was massive even when it was just tiny.
Why it gets even crazier on 5 minutes?
In 5 minutes, BTC moves even less and
than in 15 minutes. So the hyperlquid
trader makes even less on the tiny move.
But the binary trader, which is Poly
Market, still gets paid the full amount
for being right. The smaller the time
frame, the smaller the expected move. So
the more the binary payout dwarfs what
you'd make regular leverage trade,
that's why the effective leverage jumps
from 1,400 to 2400.
TLDDR binary bets you pay a fixed amount
for being right about the direction.
Regular leverage pays you based on how
far the price moves. On short time
frames, price barely moves. So, regular
leverage makes pennies while binary bets
pays dollars. The gap is the effective
leverage.
Now, what are the pros and cons of this?
I mean, this is probably getting a lot
of people excited having that much
leverage, but I honestly I hate that
much leverage. 40x leverage is too much.
So 2,400x leverage is way too much. That
being said,
edge is edge. And if you have an edge
and you can use 2,400x leverage, run it
up, right?
And I do love the premise here that you
get 100% back, right? If a .001% move
while Hyperlid people will be over there
like tripping over the charts all day,
you got five minutes in and out, you can
make 100 100%. That's crazy. That's
crazy. That's something crazy about
these markets, dude. Okay, and we got
her cooking on the server over here as
well. Let's see what she said. She said
the tick data endpoint already supports
30 and 60-day durations, but there's no
access control getting uh getting
longer. Okay.
Are you sure then, Shorty? Because
historical data here.
Are you sure you don't have the 60 days?
because my server just said you do
referring to the tick data.
Okay, let's see what she says here and
you already have all the code and
everything. So, um yeah, just let me
know code below if you do want me to
keep dropping the code on a website like
that. So, exactly maven that's the right
way to think about it. Here's the honest
breakdown pros defined risk. You can
never lose more than your bet on
hyperlquid at 50x. A bad move can
liquidate your whole account. On a
binary, you lose what you put in. No
liquidation cascades, no funding rates
eating your alive, eating you alive
overnight. I actually I'm kind of
convincing myself on these markets. As I
I'm trying to say, it's sketch. I kind
of like that. It's five minutes in and
out.
What are the fees these days? Polyarket
just implemented bigger fees to these
15-minute markets. What are they
exactly? Can you do your research and
give me the precise amount of fees entry
and exit and what that is compared to
Hyperlid's fees? Thank you.
While I'm trying to say it's way too
much leverage, I'm just like five
minutes. So, you can make a bet on five
minute markets, be in and out, and then
you can hit 100% and be you could hit
more than 100%. I mean, if you buy low
enough, but yeah, these can be like
hundreds of percent. You saw at the
start of this it claim like 150% 200%
300%.
Defined risk. You can never lose more
than you bet. Edge amplification. If
your ML model predicts five minute
direction at 53% accuracy on Hyperlid,
that tiny edge barely makes you anything
because the moves are so small on a
binary. That same 53% edge prints money.
Dude, this is actually interesting now
cuz you and I
I mean we could do this a day. We could
do we can figure this out today. Just
let me know. Let me know below, dude.
Let me know. Put Poly Market below or
something. I mean, if y'all want me to
cook on Poly Mark and cook, I can cook
everywhere, dude. I got bots running
everywhere currently. So, it's just
about for me, it's like where do I focus
the the time and the energy?
I like this though. Now, it's funny. I
always do this. I come into these
trainings here with one mindset and I
leave with another. But that's literally
what you're supposed to do in life. You
gotta you got to hold your opinions
loosely, right? You can prove them
differently. Prove it differently. And
now obviously I'll probably go trade
this and get smoked and then be like,
"Nah, f these markets." But we'll see.
I'm a data dog and so are you. Just got
to test things. People are going to talk
about it. Just test it yourself.
Simplicity. You don't care about take
profits, stop losses, position sizing
relative to volatility. Holy smokes,
dude. That's another great point for
beginners
because execution is a it's a it's a B,
dude. It's a lot. It's a lot. Execution
is half the game.
Stop losses, position sizing, take
profits,
risk control, stuff gets too volatile.
Dude, this is in and out in five
minutes. I'm not trying to pitch these
to you now. I think it's very dangerous.
It's Poly Market Bot. Poly Market um
hedge bot. Yeah, dude.
Cuz remember, if you read this article
here, you'll understand the strategy.
It's not a it's not onelegged naked
strategy, okay? Simplicity. You don't
care about take profits. 288 shots per
day. This is high frequency. High
frequency trading. So, high frequency
trading here on Poly Market. Cons that
leverage cuts both ways. 2400 leverage
means you're essentially flipping coins
for your whole bet each time. On
Hyperlquid, if you're wrong by 0001%,
you lose almost nothing. On binary, you
lose everything.
Oh my god. No partial wins on Hyperlid.
If you're kind of right, price goes your
way a little, you still profit a little.
On a binary, being wrong by one cent is
the same as being wrong by $1,000.
That's a good thing, though. That's a
good thing. There's almost no almost
right the 50/50 trap. Without a real
edge, you're just paying the spread to
Poly Market and slowly bleeding. At 288
bets per day, a 49% win rate drains you
fast. The frequency that helps you with
the edge destroys you without it. By the
way, I forgot to mention the entire
strategy. I gave you probably 75% of the
strategy. There is a big piece that is
written in that article that I just
don't have time to go over anymore. The
real talk though, the effective leverage
sounds insane, but the flip but the flip
side is your risk per trade is 100% of
that trade on Hyperlquid at 50x. Your
risk per trade might be 2 to 5% with a
stop-loss. So, the leverage comparison
is a bit misleading. It's really just a
different risk structure. The play here
isn't use 24,400x leverage on your whole
account. It's bet tiny amounts with a
proven edge hundreds of times a day and
let the math compound. That's where the
ML direction prediction work becomes the
whole game. Without the edge, it's just
a casino
with it. It's a printing press.
That's insane, dude. It's a printing
press. I mean, that's why we saw those
charts and that's why that guy left. He
ran up a,000 to 400 or 700,000 or
something and he moved accounts because
we found him.
He inspired this.
Yeah. So, if you're on the public side,
you should probably jump into the live
chat because um the Zoom is where you
get all the bonuses and all that good
stuff. So, I'll explain it here, but
I'll also explain it before I put you on
a 12minute ad. When you jump into the
Zoom, you get a chat with me. You get
the Zoom, no ads. You get um the replay.
So, if you missed part of it, you get
the replay. You get yesterday's replay.
You get uh how to automate your trading
master class. You get the hyperlquid
data API. You get the Mundave AI. You
get the Mundav app. You get the Algo
trading road map where I just put all
that code. It's $5 to join the Zoom.
This is just to filter out the ops, bro.
There's a lot of lot of ops out in the
public chat that just are trying to
distract or troll or do whatever you see
it. Um I'm chasing Jim Simons, $ 31
billion, man. It's a big a big ask here
to do this live. And I do do it live
because I believe code is a great
equalizer. And I think that's been
proven now that dude, if you learn how
to code, you you're the one who's
benefiting from this AI. Everybody else
is like trying to figure out how to use
it to like write an email or something,
but we're absolutely cooking every
single day. So, feel free to jump in.
I'm about to put you public public fools
on a 12minute ad and I might forget to
bring you back. So, I'm sorry, not
sorry. There's so much I have to show
you here today. Every single day I'm
live, but I do private lives in Zoom
now. So, if you want to chat with me and
you want to see all the code, you can
see like some of the code is blocked
from your screen. I just block it with
this little thing here. Um, the reason
is I got hacked the other day and it's
because some I showed something on my
screen. So, there are prying eyes that I
can't I can't let see everything. You
can still listen to me, of course, and
you'll get some uh you know, there'll be
some breaks that you won't be able to
see everything, right? Um, I'll I'll
keep the live open for YouTube, but
there's going to be a block on my screen
and there's going to be um these
segments where I tell you about jumping
into the private stream because if you
jump into the private stream, there's a
link. It's at mundav.com and you're
going to get an API key to Hyperlquid's
data layer that I built here and this is
a direct node and you literally can't
get this data anywhere else besides the
API key that I drop in the live stream.
So you can see I'm able to see all
liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh
Binance liquidations. I'm able to see
OKX liquidations, everybody's
liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP
is Hyperliquid's market maker. I get to
see every single one of their trades. I
also get to see every single um win loss
analysis of every single trader. So you
can see this is trade history of
anybody. So, I can just call anybody's
address on Hyperlquid and see exactly
what trades they've made and when
they're making trades. This is stuff.
This is like a institutional grade API
that will cost more than $1,000 per
month. And you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to
moonundave.com and you're going to get a
replay of yesterday's stream which was
$5 and today's stream. So, it's just
five bucks and you get all of that, but
you also get this API key. And I said
this is going to be $1,000 plus per
month. You can see I have a smart money
call. So, things that Wall Street is
looking at I we can all see with this
API key. It's Hyperlquid's data layer
that I built because I believe uh it
needs a better API in order to call
things faster. I was building out the
quant app here that is essentially
looking at people's liquidations and I
ran into the problem like I need this
data faster. So I launched a node and
then I made it available for everybody
that comes into the zooms each day. But
again they're private zooms only because
I've got people that are watching my
screen looking for me to drop a key,
drop a AP I, whatever and just some sort
of vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I
just can't show this live on YouTube
anymore. So, I cover my screen again
like this. I'll just have this up pretty
much all day. Uh these are my stats from
the previous week. Uh you can see my
stats there. Uh since everybody in
YouTube, they seem to just be coming by
to see uh what's in my pocket. So, um,
since I started trading with the Quant
app, which is pretty much my 5 years of
experience built into a downloadable
app, I did this because first off, I
don't believe in hand trading. I'm an
automated trader. But I looked at the
data and everybody's still using 40x
leverage. And I looked at I have over
150,000 people now following me, 100,000
on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only
a small small percentage ever took me up
on the offer of learning how to code. I
teach you how to code and then automate
your trading. I used to teach that
stuff. Um but only a tiny tiny
percentage actually did did that. They
actually joined the boot camp and then
out of that maybe 50% of them actually
completed the boot camp. So I have the
data that 99% of people are just trading
by hand using 40x leverage. So I'm
trying to solve this problem, the 40x
leverage problem. Uh so I'm doing a
little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm
not able to enter positions without
liquidations happening. So, I'm really
just taking over people's liquidations.
And why am I taking over people's
liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if
you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to
Vaults here, their HLP provider,
they put in $1,000 into this HLP
provider and it's at $118 million.
That's why I built out this data layer
to watch every single one of their
moves. I know exactly what positions
they're they're doing. This is the HLP
dashboard. I mean, I I know exactly when
they're entering, when they're exiting,
where they're sitting. I have a bunch of
calls that will go ahead and just keep
me uh into the know of what they're
doing. Plus, every other trader on
Hyperlquid. Hyperlid opened up the
financial system for the entire world.
And before this, there was no way for us
to see where people get liquidated. So,
based off of this premise, I've built
some really great automated trading
strategies. And since I am here now
building for the public, building for
those 40x hand traders, I built the
Quant app and I'm using that liquidation
strategy or one of the liquidation
strategies. Of course, there's still
intuition here. So, it's not like you
can download this Quant app and make a
million dollars. No way. There's still
some experience and intuition, but this
puts like bumpers around your trading.
You know, there's risk controls here. I
can never use more than X amount of my
account. I can't lose more than 3% of my
account in a day. Things like that that
are just hard to do as a hand trader. I
built into the quant app, but I think
the main feature is buying and selling
around people's liquidations. Nobody can
predict price. And if you think you can,
you're probably going to get smoked. I
think by now you realize that, hey,
within like a 1 2% range, it's really
hard to predict price. So instead of
predicting price, I'm predicting which
liquidation to buy. So, for example, I
could say when this guy gets liquidated
right here, I will buy a portion of my
portfolio, but instead of just saying,
"Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now."
I'm just waiting for somebody to get
licked. So, it's just a quantitative
approach I'm trying to build into a
downloadable app because I realize 99%
of people are still trading by hand and
still using 40x leverage. So, if that's
the biggest problems trader traders
have, that was my biggest problem. I was
getting liquidated when I was using
leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks
in using 40x leverage. And if you go
look at my Twitter or on my screen right
now, you can see that this week I I had
a a nice return. I used 10K max size. So
$4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%.
That's amazing.
Is it going to work for you? I don't
know. I can't guarantee your results. I
don't know how you trade. I don't know
how risky you are, but I know that for
me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last
more than 3 days and I'd be staring at
the screen the entire time.
So, so far so good. It's It's helped me
last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown
up. So, I don't know. But what this led
me to was, hey, I need these liquidation
this liquidation data way faster. With
the API, you can you can't get this data
this fast. You can see how it's changing
every second. I have a node launch. I'm
connected to the node. And that node,
you have all the data if you join the
zooms, the private zooms, because you
get a free API key. You can see every
single tick data. If you're trading
right now algorithmically and you're not
using tick data, you're just missing out
on a huge edge because every tick
matters. It's not about open, high, low,
close, volume data. You need the tick
data. So, I've got the tick data for all
tokens. That's crazy. just hit that API.
So you get the API key when you join.
It's only for people in the Zoom. I just
launched this data layer, so we're
rolling it out slowly. It's only for
people in the Zoom. If you want the API
key, it's only for Zoom people. You can
see there's a ton of other great things
here like Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you. Thank you. Thank you. Much love to
you. 777.
Let's get it, dude. Let's go.
So realistically, I might just have tick
data for BTC and then on top of that
liquidation data,
which could be far.
Okay, let's see here.
Confirmed
data list 30 plus days of history. What
we do have BTC ticked 60 days. Okay,
that's great. HL liquidation events
101 days. Let's go ahead. Okay, let's
match those up the uh liquidation events
to the length of BTC ticks. So now we
have both of those data sources.
We also have position snapshots near
liquidation data source. We have Binance
liquidation
um information.
We'll give them the 60 days. Let's all
let's match all of these up to the same
data size.
Uh the position snapshots might be
shorter. I don't know. HLP trades as
long as we have as well or the 60 days
max.
And then essentially we'll go ahead and
start with those things
for V1. Exactly. Tick data, hyper liquid
liquidations, position snapshots,
Binance liquidations, we'll just snap
that to be 60 days max or whatever our
max number is. We just want to make it
be be consistent across them. But if HLP
trades holds us back, let's f them,
dude. So you got to go ahead and update
the predict script here that we run in
the sandbox for that. You got to update
the verbiage on mundev.comrenena
and docs to update this. Now essentially
this is going to be better in my book
because before we had like 80 or 60
different endpoints and it was very
confusing. Now we can just like stupidly
simplify everything and be like here are
the five data sources you get x days of
data for. I hope it's 60 days of data
for you can go cook whatever you want
based off of uh historical stuff or
whatever however you want to do this but
these are the exact this is the exact
format or this is below okay these might
be in CSVs right the data might be in
CSVs so you can cook with it however you
want okay we'll give them that like the
tick data and the liquidation data etc
they can pull that download it from the
website okay
and then they have examples of how that
data is going going to be stored in when
they're actually on the um what do you
call it? The
the Docker.
You see what I'm saying? So we want to
make sure to give them that historic
data they can download so they can build
their models out and then when they want
to compete they submit that Python file
that reads the data the exact same way
or we show maybe not the exact same way
because the old data is in CSVs or
whatever in order to download and then
the new data coming in is streamed in a
way that is shown on the website very
clearly so they understand how to build
out their actual predict model. This
goes for the submit page. This goes for
the docs. This goes for the main
moon.com/arena page. All right, let's
click.
I got to take a whizzle. I got to take a
whizzle, dude. I got to take a whizzle.
I'll be back.
All right, dude. I love that when you
come back and she's still cooking.
I love to see that. I love love love to
see that.
That's beautiful.
That's some beautiful stuff, dude. Come
back. She's still cooking.
I get it. Still here. Still locked.
Moon. Oh, look at this. Not off balance.
What?
Uh, I just claimed, dude, I claimed this
morning.
Okay, sick. So, it doesn't work.
So, let's fix it.
Very odd here. I did not get the uh
the order didn't go through, but you can
see from the screenshot that I do have
balance.
So, I made sure to do that because I got
to get that on V on the VVS. the VVS for
that
21 shares. 21 21 cash. I got the cash.
You got 85 balances and issues. Likely
allowance problem.
Ah, dude. That's crazy because we got
bots running on here.
Found it.
Cool, cool, cool. So, it's just a
negative risk thing.
All right. Well, good thing we found
that. I hope you guys find that if you
are, but that's that's kind of the
point. That's kind of the point.
Never going to give you anything
plug-andplay. Never ever ever. Can't do
that. Can't do that.
Not a financial advisor.
That's the fix here. So, it looks like
it works.
Poly Hyperbot. Yep, exactly.
Lick stinkbot here. Okay.
See how I do doodoo now.
No signal yet. You see, we m we missed
that wave. I like that.
She's still going. That's amazing, dude.
I love love love that.
I literally drank water. I used the
restroom.
I pet my dog.
And she's still cooking. Just like, what
a world do we live in now?
Not enough balance, though.
Interesting. I'm still getting that
error here. Um, use a dollar size and
just test this out yourself. Build a
script that tests out buying on the
fiveminute market. Any fiveminute
market, it doesn't matter. Just use the
dollar size and hold it till expiration.
It's fine.
But figure this out on your own, gang.
Don't Don't worry me with me. Don't
don't don't worry me with this anymore,
please.
It's got to work. You already have
examples. You got mad examples of the
15-minute markets up in your GitHub
right now. Look at them if you need to.
And she's still going.
Gosh, I love this game.
Wake up, get a little workout in, and
then just
Bring ideas to the table and tell Claude
to build them. See if they work. They
work. Great. They don't. Great.
Great.
Just great.
What was that? Effective leverage here.
Jimmy only thing I use it for. Make that
the title of this
YouTube thumbnail. That's the only
numbers that's going to be on it. Needs
to be Poly Market in the background
though. It needs to be very clear that
it's Poly Market. The video is about
Poly Market. Make it a thumbnail
wide landscape just regular regular
landscape mode for YouTube thumbnails.
You know, you own Google. But uh put
that that's the only number on it is
that the only words on it is that
big across the whole thing.
Then you have like the Poly Market logo
or you got to make it super clear that
it's Poly Market.
Actually, let's go ahead and make it
even more clear that it's Let's
get that somewhere right here. Use this
type of image here. You have to make it
less wide.
You have to make it less wide. But this
is for the five minute Bitcoin market.
So maybe put this in the background.
Something like this. Make it clean. Make
it pop. Make it unbelievably
clean, popable, clickable, etc. Thanks.
Okay, now let's click create image. Nano
Banana is literally the only reason I
use Gemini. Nanoba is sick. It's sick.
Be honest. She's still going.
The docs page is massive. Yes, it is.
It is massive.
And then she's figuring this out here.
God, I love AI.
So, we're poly market bots and arena
because I can't just do one thing at
once. It's just we have too much speed
now to just sit up do one thing. I know
it's harder to follow along, but hey,
you know, my bad.
I know I bounce around a lot, but you
know, that's why I got six of these bees
right here.
Make the bouncing a little easier to
keep up with.
My fingers are working out now, right?
My fingers are working out. Oh god.
Building a new indicator. Funding plus
OIN indic OI indicator. Okay, I like
that. That's nice.
Funding and OI.
Speaking of that, no, no, I don't have
that. Okay. Yes, you could go ahead and
do that. So the tick endpoint here
already supports the 30-day and 60 day
no access control getting longer. Okay,
validate. Okay, modify. Actually, I
don't even need you to do this anymore.
I don't even need you to add this as
long as we're collecting it on the back
end. That will be nice to have.
That will be nice to have. Nice to have.
Nice to have. Nice to have. So nice to
have.
Yeah, this is good. But maybe in the top
right next to the BTC logo, you can have
Poly Market. Say Poly Market.
So it will be two words on it now, but
So, I don't even need you to do that
plan anymore. So, stop that.
still diagnosing what's going on here.
And she's over here still working on
that.
Let's talk about this real quick. So I'm
able to get tick data on this hyperlquid
data layer. So low key order flow,
right? Can you talk to me about CVD
and how that is applied in order flow?
What is C CVD
and how can I use it as an algorithmic
trader? Thank you.
>> So the key question is are we actually
collecting and persistent on the back
end based on what I found? Yes. Perfect.
I got 66 days and it'll keep growing.
Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. So I got 66
days of tick data that I'm going to
throw up on this arena thing.
Key gotcha on hyperlquid. Huh?
CVD is cumulative volume delta orderflow
breakdown. What it do? CVD tracks the
running total of buying volume minus
selling volume over time at the tick
level. Okay.
Buy volume is trades that hit the ask.
Aggressive buying.
Sell volume is trades that hit the bid.
Aggressive sellers. Delta per tick
equals buy volume minus sell volume. CVD
cumulative sum of all deltas. So CVD is
literally measuring who is more
aggressive, buyers or sellers and how
and how that aggression accumulates over
time. Why it matters? Price can move on
thin liquidity or passive order
absorption. CVD tells you what's
happening beneath the price action.
Price rising plus CVD rising. Healthy
trend.
Aggressive buyers are driving it.
Conviction move.
Price rising plus CBD flat or falling is
divergence. Price is going up but these
sellers are actually more aggressive.
often means the move is being driven by
short covering or thin ass, not real
demand.
Price falling plus CVD falling, healthy
downtrend, aggressive sellers in
control.
Price falling plus CVD flat or rising
divergence.
Buyers are stepping in aggressively, but
price still drops, meaning passive sell
walls are absorbing and signal
accumulation/bullish reversal. How to
use it algorithmically? Divergence
detection. Compare the slope of price
verse slope of CVD over a look back
period. When they diverge, flag
potential reversals.
Trend confirmation filter. Only take
long entries if CBD slope is positive.
Shorts when negative.
CVD rate of change. Sudden spikes in
delta indicate aggressive sweeps. Large
market orders hitting the book.
These are institutional footprints. CVD
at key levels. Watch CVD behavior at
support and resistance.
If price hits support and CVD starts
rising,
buyers getting aggressive. It's a
stronger bounce signal than price alone.
Building it from tick data. Since you
have tick level data from Hyperlquid,
you're in a great spot. Each tick has
the side by cell and a size. The
implementation is straightforward.
From there, you can resample on any time
frame.
On purpose, every trade has a buyer and
a seller. The side field tells you who
is most aggressive.
That's exactly what you need CVT for.
The taker is the one crossing the spread
and the signal. Yeah. So, so we get uh
tick data for five different symbols I
believe on the API that you have access
to here the hyperlquid data layer. So,
what I want you to do is I want you to
build me a CVD scanner. And I want it to
be super fun, super interactive, a bunch
of colors, make it super useful for a
trader to watch at all times. Okay.
Imagine this is our CVD. You just
explained it to me that it is a cheat
code, right? I'm able to see. Okay, so
for all those symbols, I can see who's
aggressive, what side is aggressive. CBD
is sick. This is sick, dude. This is
sick. So, since we have tick data,
nobody else has tick data. You can't get
tick data like this, dude. You can't do
it through the hyperlquid API, you're
going to get rate limited. We don't get
rate limited. So, I want you to build
out this file that I could run and just
stare at all day and I can get the
actual alpha out of this. Okay, who's
the aggressive side? Who's not the
aggressive side? Is price going down
with buyers aggressive? Oh, that could
be uh covering or whatever you say the
opposite of covering. Or is price going
up with more sellers? You know, that
could actually be covering. Um, you know
what I'm talking about. You know more
better more than I do. I want you to
build this to be a terminal file that is
super fun, interactive, and shows actual
alpha of what's going on with the actual
tick data that we're getting. So, you'll
have to pull it every second or
whatever. Okay. Thank you.
You better cook something fire. And
don't hold back on design here. I know
it's terminal design, but we're not just
some boring finance guys. We like the
color. We like the fun, but it has to be
data dog material. That's actually
alpha. Thank you.
All right. So, the CSV builder is
finished. That was the background task.
So, what's good? You're done. It took
you an hour, bro. It took you 40
minutes. Everything compiles and builds.
Here's the summary. Historical data CSV
ready for download. So, BTC ticks, it's
6 megabytes, 112,000 records.
6 megabytes for that much tick data. Are
you sure that it goes all the way back
to 60 days?
And
Yeah, just double check the dates, the
start dates of each of these data
sources that we can download. Thank you.
And just print them out here. Okay.
He's still shimmying over here. Why are
you still shimmying, shorty? Oh, you're
done. You're done. Okay. I was going to
say,
okay, found the problem. Mundav, here's
what's going on. And your 85 is in the
USDC bridged on the fun wallet, but
proxy wallet has $0, zero balance.
The poly market club requires the proxy
wallet derived from the API key.
It's interesting because if I go here,
let's say this code dot,
let's go here. Um,
let's find one of these bots that are
running right now.
Copy bot.
I mean, let's say this
What are we doing here? Because I
believe this is running on the same
exact
account and it was working just a bit
ago. Unless they made a change in the
last like 15 days, 30 days, I don't
know.
When I trade on the BTC 5m minute, MACD
is usually on the better one of the
better indicators I've used.
Interesting.
There we go. She fixed it. She going to
fix that. Good girl. Good girl. So, MACD
is usually one of the better indicators.
So, you trade on the fivem minute, huh?
Cool.
When the lines cross above, it usually
signals down. When they cross below it,
signals up. Think this could have any
use here? Absolutely. Thank you, dude.
I'll just test it, bro. Have you built
this into a bot yet?
That idea.
So, let's see here. January 13th,
January 13th, January 13th, and March
14th. HLP trades 3 am March 14th. Yeah,
let's kill the HLP3. Let's remove the
HLP3 trades then if that is only one day
and stuff. Let's remove that from all
literature, etc.
Very early stages. Okay. I mean, I'll
test it out, too. I mean, I'm not
testing anything, dude. I'll let you go
ahead and test it. Uh, if it's fire, if
I if if it's fire, bro, then I'll never
hear from you again about it and then
I'll know to test it myself. But let me
know if it doesn't work.
Let me know if it doesn't work.
Five minute MACD poly market. Five
minute MAC D
is a good indicator possibly.
Who knows?
You know, that's the exciting thing
about this is it is a new market and I
don't know.
I mean, I've heard this before. I wasn't
into algo trading that early in crypto,
but what I heard is some of the simplest
indicators were working at the start.
So, what I've also heard is when new
markets come come across,
some of the simplest strategies, they
they do work. So, I'm I'm not against
testing. I'll test everything, dude.
I'll test everything. Don't care.
Especially in a new market. And this is
a new market. This is a new market. A
five minute market. Crazy stuff.
Crazy stuff. New market. Just can't
bring in old uh I mean, you want to
bring in your experience for sure, but
biases. Biases.
Okay, let's see here. CVS CVD scanner
28. So, it's working beautifully. Look
at the output. Let me look at it myself.
I will. I will. I will.
I will. I will.
Let me look at it. Let me look at see
what you cooked up, shorty. See what you
cooked up.
Let's see what you cooked up, Short Ty.
That's weird.
That's so weird because it was working
before. Can you test it on the 15-minute
market? Maybe they made a update
where for these new markets you have to
these because the fiveminute market's
new but I was using on the 15-minute
market.
It's quite profitable. What's
profitable?
What's up? How's it going? Good. How you
doing? Have you built something for
15-minute market and fiveminute market?
What's your approach? It's right now I'm
building it. Are you using specific for
Bitcoin? Bitcoin. Yep. LLM bots for
evaluating them. I'm using um LLMs to
build
not evaluate.
I just can tell you from my current
approach that it's quite profitable. I
need to tweak on it a little bit. So
far, I made in like 3 days 100% and it's
very doable. layered system 1 MLXG boost
evaluated and then hidden markoff model.
That sounds [__] fire, dude. Thank
you, Zaja.
That sounds awesome. I'm going try that,
too. Okay, so poly market is the vibe
right now. Throw one in the chat if you
you want more poly market stuff because
it's a new market, you know. One. Okay,
so more poly markets. One in the chat if
you want more poly market from Mundave.
cuz I'll trade any market, dude. I'll
trade any market. It's just about like
where are you focusing your time, you
know, ones. So, okay. So, a lot of ones
coming in the chat. You guys like the
poly market. I I understand that, too,
because I'm a huge fan. I'm a huge fan
of all of these brand new markets. Like,
this is a new crypto type of market now.
If you think about it, the fiveminute
markets is different. So, I'm I'm gonna
keep spending time hacking at this. And
you guys have great ideas. Like, that
was a really good idea, Sasha. Thank
you. ML for the five minute market. Of
course that's going to print.
Of course that is going to print. Of
course, dude. Of course. So, let me just
go ahead and build what you said. I'll
start with there. Maybe throw sprinkle a
little MACD on top of it. I don't know.
We'll just test. We'll hyper test and
I'll lose money. I'll lose money, but I
think we'll gain valuable insights. So,
I'll do the losing and then um hopefully
we'll find something that prints over
there as well. Also, something I want to
ask you. Do you think it's possible to
take a wallet address to code something?
You got a strategy? I mean, kind of, but
it's hard. Like, you don't know why
they're buying. You can copy it and try
to like reverse engineer it. You just
you got to be studying that hella hard.
Okay. So examples CVD scanner.
So let's go ahead and say Python. Run
it. CVD scanner. Okay, let's see it.
It looks good, dude. Um, is there any
way you could build this in a way that
it
doesn't do like a glitch refresh or and
just like refreshes the data on the
thing?
because since it updates every second,
it's hard to like um
yeah, when I'm scrolling up like it'll
refresh and be on a whole new thing.
This looks pretty good though. Um
yeah, I don't want to push you too far
out of your comfort zone, but let me
know what you can do.
Looks fire.
It's just gonna It tweaks too much. Just
too tweaky. Good call. The console
clear. It wipes everything and repaints
causing that flicker and scroll reset.
Rich has live display built in just for
this. It updates in place without
clearing the terminal. Nice
compacting conversation.
Same exact error.
Your proxy wallet is empty.
So, I'm just confused. When did this
break? I guess this When did this break
then? Because
it used to work.
Like, did they make a change or
something? Here's another example of a
bot that runs on this account.
I think she's confused, but
copy past
and this one literally runs on this
account. So,
like, can you learn from it and update
it? Okay, thanks, Cook.
Okay, so I updated this as well.
Oh, she's done. Cool.
So, all the V1 arena changes are
complete. Here's the summary of what's
in place. Four data sources
BTC ticks hyperlquid liquidations
positions near liquidation and Binance
liquidations
update files. Okay,
so we should have uh a singular uh
download for each of those data sources.
But then you could also say download
full library, full data library, which
includes all four of those above, and
it'll just download all of them into a
zip. Thank you.
What happened?
Oh, I hit it twice.
Okay, so let's see how this looks.
Looks awful.
I'm not able to I don't like this. I
actually am not able to scroll through
it now. It just shows like the bees and
whatnot. So, something's broken here.
Everything's already in place. Nice.
Way ahead of me. So, let's go ahead and
check to see if it works now. How's this
looking? That's looking fine. Okay.
Poly market. Nope. We're going to um
mondave.comarena
and then I'm gonna start testing this
out. Damn.
Yeah, it looks like the CSS is down on
the website. I just see a a white page
with all the text of the arena. Thank
you.
I wonder what's going on with oil over
the weekend
cuz remember last weekend
they kept moving
hype here at 38
dude
CL here 102 two. Okay, so creeping back
up.
No oil is going to move, huh? Yeah.
Yeah. So, she's just doing work today,
dude.
See what she's doing.
Refreshing. Refreshing. Okay, perfect.
Here we go.
CVD scanner.
So bullish bullish bullish
change CVD CVD flow interesting
realtime buy sell pressure per coin
multi-time frame order flow
I don't understand how we have tao and
aster Sir
with our tick data. Can you tell me
this? Why the um how do we get TOAO and
zero and all this live tick data if we
are only tracking it for for those five
symbols.
That's something weird's going on here.
Uh I know we're coming up to the end
here. So if you do want to join and get
everything, you can have lifetime access
to everything I got. It's moddab.com/go.
Show you how to get your trading bots
live. show you step-by-step training,
short, concise videos, exactly how to
automate your trading, even if you don't
know how to code. I show you how to use
AI to do all the heavy lifting,
show you how to balance Solana, Poly
Market, and you get access to all these
Zoom calls. Plus, you get something
crazy, which is 300 bots and back tests
instantly because this is quantite and
you are paying a lot per month. So, if
you are one of those people, you have a
couple options here. $17.95 investment
in yourself, investment in a way, a new
way of trading or two payments of 9.49.
Uh, you get the Moonva, you get the API
key for life, you get both of my GitHubs
here, you get the Mundev app access,
etc. I got a lot more to do, but you
have the links now. So, there's nothing
more I need to tell you about that. I'm
going to be locked in every single day,
including today. I'm going to keep
stepping on the gas. So, um, if you want
everything I know about automated
trading and you want to get caught up to
speed with me, this is where you get it.
It makes it simple for you, simple for
me. It's one payment, lifetime, all
access, and you have 90 full days to
make a decision after you get in. Go
jump in, see what's in there. See that
you actually can automate your trading
with these step-by-step video trading
tutorials.
Get the AI master classes. You see
everything you get. Moonup.com/go. Let's
get it.
Okay, so the build is good and the CSS
contains all the arena classes. You're
still seeing the white page. Okay, let's
go see.
Okay.
Okay. And if you can't afford it, then
join this because for this first week,
I'm just going to have it be a $1,000
credit. I want to make sure that this
actually works here. This is the Mundav
Arena. If you could build a model, boom,
you win a $1,000 credit. Okay. So, for
the first week or so, I'm just going to
do it this way because I don't even know
if people are interested in this, let
alone does it work yet. So, let's see.
Make sure that all makes sense here. So,
hyperlquid BTC price ticks. Okay, last
four hours of BTC price ticks.
Moonab.com/arena. It says last four
hours of BTC price ticks, but isn't it
much more than that? Hyperlid
liquidation, same thing. Binance
liquidation, same thing.
No, that's my bad. I didn't read enough.
Please, I need the member key for life.
I got really nothing yet.
Are you If you're part of Lifetime, you
should have the key for life, dude.
If you already joined this art
moonracamp.com,
you got the key. You just got to be
like, "Yo, I joined lifetime. Can I get
the key?" Cuz I thought you asked that
like two days ago. So,
did you not get a response or
a trading bot competition? No. Do I need
API key? No.
free. Free to enter. What's the prize?
$1,000 Mundev credit redeemable at
mund.com/go
for course courses, tools, and whatever.
So, some of you can't afford this. Okay.
Boom. Now you got $1,000 credit. You can
afford it now. Let's
see where these hype liquidations are
sitting.
You told to buy the course again. I
don't understand. Oh, so maybe you
didn't. Did you purchase this?
Because if you purchase this at any time
in the last 3 months, you have lifetime
access to the API key.
And you just need to send your email
that you purchased this with.
If you got some old like algo trade
camp, for example, if you got this, this
is not the same.
This is not equal to this. Not the same
thing. This was a old go trade camp just
just alone. This not equal to this.
This
is this
lifetime access. So I I don't know.
Bart, are you here, bro? Like, let's
have a conversation, dude. I want to get
this fixed because you're you're locked,
bro. I want to get this fixed. You good?
Like, what did you join? Did you join
the lifetime all access and you're not
able to get the API key through my team?
because I want to make sure that's
fixed. I asked you like two days ago, by
the way. So, let's just conversate here
and figure it out
because I want to make sure that that
the whole system works well. And I just
need to decipher right now if what did
you join? Did you join the lifetime all
access?
Cuz I'll dive into the email right now
and fix that. I want to make sure you
got what you paid for, dude.
Last summer, dude. Okay. Okay. Well,
this wasn't available last summer, so
that's the problem. You're probably
being told to
Munddev. All access was actually built
for current members. So, I took it in
consideration as already lifetime access
originally 4,800 uh which is insane as
quantity is 3500 alone. Feel free to
jump in. No payments ever. Again, you
can check out the website, but this is
probably 100% X more. Yeah. So you join
this lifetime
which is just the course for lifetime
access to the course.
So last summer this wasn't even
available. I didn't even have the API
last summer.
So that's why you're getting that email
because essentially what you're asking
for is this course to include
all of this stuff that is just not even
mentioned on that course.
all that.
So I understand the it sounds like the
uh system is working okay
because what you purchased is this up
here and you didn't purchase any of this
because remember this has the AI master
classes whole another course has the
Solana copy bot cyber course whole
another two courses has the poly market
trading by course it's whole another
course
it also has the unlimited zoom calls so
you can see it's5 to $20 a day you get
this for
Uh, Quantite, you saw the offer for
Quantite, you know, it's $297 a month.
So, obviously, I can't give people who
join this boot camp
access to to this stuff as Quantite
alone. It's $297 a month. So, that reply
was pretty spot-on. The Mundev all
access was actually built for current
members. So, I built this for people
that have paid me a couple thousand
dollar 297 a month for multiple months.
Hey, you have an opportunity to upgrade
for 1,800 bucks, never have to pay me
again. So, I think in your case, you
join this.
So, if these guys are saving money, this
is a massive savings for you as well.
So, um
you get the vault as well. So, the vault
has all of my past streams that nobody
has access to except the people that the
vault, the Mundev API. You can see it's
$900 a month in order to pay for this
liquidation data only from Coin Glass
and it's 12 days of data. I give you 18
months of data. API key obviously is
powerful within itself.
So, you get that as a bonus as well if
you get the all access lifetime
offer here. You also get both GitHubs.
You also get the moon dev access.
Yeah, dude. I can't I can't can't do
that. I'm sorry, man. Can't do that.
That would not be fair to everybody
else. Remember, there's people that have
paid me for two years straight of
Quantite access.
And if you plan on being in Quantite for
the next two years or next year or 6
months, this makes sense, right? If
you're paying $300 a month and in your
case, you join Quantite for five months
but eventually stops because I
understand that gets expensive. So, this
is your opportunity.
It's exactly who I built it for. I built
it for you guys that are paying 297 a
month. Everybody that's able to get this
deal obviously got a better deal than
you, but this wasn't available until
November. So, I was thinking of you guys
being paying me 297 a month. It's like,
okay, let's get you on a lifetime offer.
You'll never have to pay again. I can't
retroactively just like be like, "Oh,
you guys get lifetime access." That'd be
wild. Be wild.
But yeah, you can see all the extras you
get here, and it's just getting better
and better.
And if you're interested in it, you can
break it up into two payments. You can
pay one time, you can pay crypto,
whatever you need to do. Um,
I don't need to show you all this proof
of people having success with it. You
already know, as you've I built this
offer for people like you that have been
paying five, six, seven, eight months of
297 per month.
Now you can finally upgrade and you
never have to pay again.
There's people that have been paying for
2, three, four years, 297 a month. This
is the best offer I could ever give to
anybody.
So if you're new here and you're seeing
this, that's crazy. You're very lucky.
Okay, you can see Art's case right here.
Art said he spent $1,715
over the time period. So, it's a
no-brainer for him to upgrade, right?
Because if he wants to keep paying that
297 a month, that's going to be a lot
more. So, somebody in the YouTube chat
says it's too expensive. I mean, you
probably shouldn't be trading then,
right?
Because this shows you exactly how to
automate your trading. And it gives you
multiple years worth of code,
bots, back tests, new code added every
single week. Plus, the API key alone is
worth $1,000 a month.
So, I mean, yeah, if you're trading $5 a
day, might be too expensive, but I think
it's more expensive for you not to
automate your trading cuz next time you
go to trade and you're emotional, you're
probably going to lose way more than
this.
So, we're 1.4% away here from some major
liquidations here on Hype
3.6, but I'm sure there was a lot
already.
All right, cool, man. Well, I'm glad
that the system's working well. And um
yeah, that's how I instructed my team to
respond to people that are just asking
for discounts and stuff. This is the
discount. But that's the thing, dude.
Like, if you give a massive discount
like this, people are always going to
want a bigger discount.
And it's like, if I'm paying $300 a
month to Mundev right now, it's actually
$367 a month. This is the best deal
ever, right? Because it's it's like,
okay, what if I'm here for two more
years? What if I'm here for three more
years?
If you lock in every single day and
you're paying me or you're thinking
about paying me, this is the opportunity
to learn everything and get access to
everything for life.
Okay, so we got the poly market and we
haven't figured that out yet, though.
It's almost done.
Here's the full picture. Mundav, what
was wrong? Was upgraded at.34.
The lick stinkbot now has embedded place
order, which is correct. What still
needs your fix? The proxy wallet has
zero deposited. Your 85 is in your
browser wallet, but hasn't been moved to
the proxy. This affects all your bots.
The no market lagbot, etc. Go to Poly
Market, place one small trade through
the website. That'll trigger the deposit
plus allowance flow. After the bot, the
that the bot is ready to run.
So, do you need new keys though? I mean,
if I'm using the proxy wallet,
no, your keys are fine. The test
confirmed. The API works great.
Signature is great.
The only issue is your proxy wallet has
zero USDC deposited in the exchange.
Just go to there, place a small trade
and that deposits USDC in your browser
wallet into your proxy. Same key, same
everything.
Interesting.
chapter. It's a new life.
Is it possible to make $20 a day with
automated trading? One way to think
about price of the course at least it's
89 days.
89 days and 20 bucks a day. I wouldn't
be doing this if it was only for 20
bucks a day.
But I can't stand here and say that
anything is plug-andplay and you can
make X, Y, or Z because I don't know how
you trade. I don't know what your ideas
are and it's not a plug-and-play
anything. But yeah, I wouldn't be here
for $20 a day.
I wouldn't focus my entire five years on
this industry for 20 bucks a day. So,
it's a good way to frame it, you know.
Thank you, Josh. Thank you for framing
it that way.
89 days and it pays for itself. And the
cool thing about that with your equation
of 20 bucks a day, like you got 90 days,
90-day money back guarantee, too. Now, I
don't think you're going to make 20
bucks a day starting day one.
Absolutely. I know you won't. I know you
won't because you got to learn this
stuff first. But, you know, you can
still use that to extrapulate how much
value you could get out of learning
this.
Nothing is plug-and-play, so you won't
make X dollars a day starting day zero.
You have to learn the system. And I'll
show you how to get your own trading
bots live. At the end of the day, I do
show you a process of, hey, how do you
find strategies that actually work and
test to see if those strategies actually
work in the past? And then if they work
in the past, then I'll show you how to
build the bots. So you get those
actually live and AI does all the
building. It's really just your ideas
and you got to have this structure here.
So I'll show you step by step everything
you need to know to go from hand trader
as I was emotional hand trader and now
fully automated.
So the build is good. Okay. So let's go
look through this here and see if this
makes sense.
mundave.com/arena
Let's make this better. Let's make this
better. So, let's do this. Let's upgrade
the mundave.com/arrenena
to be
a 7 $1,795
Mundave credit.
So, you get a $1795. the winner does and
it's going to be rolling daily contest.
So for the broke boys in the chat that
don't want to pay up for the lifetime
all access, go ahead and win this then.
Go ahead and just submit your model here
mundab.comarena.
Yes, I doubled down. I doubled down. I
was giving away a thousand
I get it, dude. Like, if you really want
to cook, let's cook then. You got all
opportunities in the world. Everything
from me for free now. $1,795.
Mundave credit usable at mundave.com/go.
Boom. Win this.
Start with that.
Don't want to don't want to pay up.
then just win it. I'll do daily
contests. How about that?
I give away one a day.
$1,795
a day. How about that?
Now, you can only win one time if you're
in the United States of America
per year, unfortunately. So,
cuz they have a new rule, which is nice
and lenient. I actually like that. Let's
go ahead and talk about it. Why do I
always go to Claude? Like I don't have
Claude sitting here. What's the rule
here? What's the threshold for 1099s in
the United States in 2026? Just short,
concise.
I'm not sending out 1099s, dude. Not
doing that. Sorry.
US people, more paperwork for me. No
way.
But I think most people are not in the
US.
Jesus, dude.
I got I want to see it from the source
because
at least 600
Current year
threshold.
I'm getting. Do you guys know? Because I
get so many different conflicting
answers on this. I think it's 2000 now.
Can you just go look it up though?
Thanks. You don't need to be my attorney
or lawyer or anything.
All
right, let's see.
195 $1,795
credit. Let's go.
Let's go. Submissions close at 129. No
way. No. No.
Submissions close
Friday.
So, let's make the first contest.
Let's make the first contest.
Submissions close on
Monday
at 12 a.m. Eastern time.
No, no, no, no. Monday at 11:59
a.m. Eastern time. So today is Saturday,
March 14th.
I'll do this every day. I don't care. I
just want to make sure it works.
So moonab.com/go.
Now you can get this for free. Read the
docs.
Join tomorrow's Zoom if you'd like. Um
tomorrow's Zoom. This is going to be
fire. The data your model receives. BTC
price ticks, hyperlquid liquidations,
Binance liquidations, and positions near
liquidation. Current snapshot of
leverage positions close to their
liquidation.
So those are the four data sets you get
to use. Where does this data come from?
All four data sources come from the
Munddev API. The same data layer layer
powering the rest of mundav.com. price
ticks, liquidations, hyperlquid and
binance and positions near liquidations
is collected, aggregated and served by
Mundev API in real time. You do not need
an API key for the external data source.
During the contest, the arena server
pulls a fresh snapshot from the Mundev
API every hour and passes it directly to
predict data. Want to explore the API
yourself? Okay. 60 days of historical
data. This is 100% free competition and
we want you to have every advantage when
building your model. We provide four CSV
files covering 60 days of raw historical
data. The exact same data sources your
model receives in production. Use them.
So let's go to docs here.
Any days data source curls
replace your name and API key.
So let's drop that.
Let's drop the API uh calling of the
data here.
No, no, it's fine. Um but let's mention
here in the the let's put the download
of the data above it the calls and then
say, hey, after you sign up for an
account, you'll get your name and your
key and you can put it in there. By the
way, let's update the naming. So, it
can't be it has to it has to be one
word. So, it can't there can't be spaces
in it. So, um
we'll just have it reject like when
they're creating a username, we just say
reject it. Okay? Because then they'll
have to this will be better for the API
key as well because if it's one
concatenated name, whether it's
underscore or whatever they want, they
put an underscore if they want. But, um
when we make it um make the API calls,
then it'll be much easier. Okay.
I was ready.
20,000.
Wait, I thought it What was What about
just like a regular 1099? 20,000 seems a
little high, right?
Damn. See, this AI does not know the
answer to this.
Year 2000,
1099.
2026 publication. Okay. Caution draft
not for filing.
What is the 2,00 then? There's like a
$2,000 value. Just got to make sure that
I can give this away to people in the US
because the same thing is giving cash
according to these guys at least. Maybe
not according to you, but
the form 1099 is reporting non-employee
compensation is increasing to 2,000.
Okay, so that's what I was looking for,
but I want to see this
draft.
That's the one bill bumped from 600 to
2,000. You pay a contractor less than
2,000 2026, you don't have to file for
file 1099.
Okay, so that's what it says, dude.
That's what it says. And I I don't have
the uh thing from the actual the actual
voice, but you know,
I'll look for that.
I've like quadruple checked this. So,
this is actually a big dub for us
because now I'm able to give more free
stuff away. Before it was like, uh,
yeah, I can only give you X amount.
So,
I gotta do this offcreen. I gotta get uh
my VVS going. But it's been fun. Have a
great day. Much love to you guys.
Moonv.com/go if you want to learn
everything. If you don't, then that's
all good, too. I'll be back some other
day. And check your emails and
everything. Have a great Saturday. Thank
you. Much love. 777. Thank you guys.
Much love. Much love. Peace. Peace.
Peace.